Add Rart45 and via support (#11096)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/rart/rart45/readme.md

# Rart45

![TOP](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/30220306/100749285-0fdd8500-3417-11eb-9b06-11a04f9de264.png)

> A 40% Ergo Layout Mechanical Keyboard with Atmega328p inspired by Reviung 41 by boardsource and Plaid hgsw based on [IMKG](https://www.facebook.com/groups/indomechanicalkeyboard/) (Indonesia Mechanical Keyboard Group)

Reviewer: Some factual corrections.

```suggestion
A 40% Ergo Layout Mechanical Keyboard with Atmega328p inspired by the Reviung41 by gtips and the Plaid by hsgw, based on [IMKG](https://www.facebook.com/groups/indomechanicalkeyboard/) (Indonesia Mechanical Keyboard Group).
```
